Add option for avo (#1564)
ASFHyP3/hyp3: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## [3.2.2]
> ### Added
> - A `--phase-filter-paameter` option has been added to the `__main__` (HyP3) and `ifm_sentinel.py` entry points to specify the adaptive phase filter parameter used when processing InSAR products.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [3.3.0]
### Added
- An [`INSAR_GAMMA_TEST.yml`](job_spec/INSAR_GAMMA_TEST.yml) job spec  has been added, exposing the adaptive phase filter parameter used when processing InSAR products.
- `INSAR_GAMMA_TEST.yml` job spec has been added to the Hyp3 Test, HyP3 Enterprise Test and HyP3 AVO deployments.
```
